1- Otro Atardecer- Bad Bunny- 4:04- Un Verano Sin Ti
Aún quedan dos botellas de vino, de vino
Por si se juntan nuestro' camino', camino'
Y no hay que encontrar el atardecer
Hay mucho de mí que te faltó conocer
Si la vida me da de nuevo el placer
Voy a volverte a besar como aquella vez que el sol se escondió
Mientras la noche llegaba
No sé qué sucedió
Pero me perdí en tu mirada
Eh-eh, eh-eh, eh-eh-eh-eh
Oh-oh, mami, dime por qué te fuiste (dime), ey, ey
Oh-oh, mami, dime qué tú me hiciste
Que pasa el tiempo y no te olvido
Búscame, ya estoy vestido
Hoy sí o sí yo me quedo en un cuarto que no es mío
Déjame acariciarte hasta quedarno' dormido'
Yo haciéndote cosas nueva' y tú improvisando gemido'
Eh-eh, eh-eh
Tú a mí me gusta' más que el dinero, eh-eh-eh
Quiero que te vengas tú primero
A vece' me pregunto qué será de tu vida
Ojalá un día de estos me escriba'
Hey, you know I'm thinking 'bout you
Please stay, 'cause I've been thinking 'bout you
Vamo' suavecito, me besa' tan bien
Empieza en mi ombligo, termina en mis pies
Beni, no te olvido, yo te digo, no te fallaré
No sé qué te hizo, pero yo nunca te dejaré
Y no hay que encontrar el atardecer
Hay mucho de mí que te faltó conocer
Si la vida me da de nuevo el placer
Voy a volverte a besar como aquella vez que el sol se escondió
Mientras la noche llegaba
No sé qué sucedió
Pero me perdí en tu mirada, mirada

2- Jimmy Cooks- Drake con 21 savage- Honestly,Nevermind
Just awaken shaken once again, so you know it's on
(Just awaken shaken once again, ho, you know it's on)
Just awaken shaken once again, so you know it's on
(Just awaken shaken once again, ho, you know it's on)
Yeah, life
Life is only thing we need
They need me to go, but I don't wanna leave
Rest in peace to Lil Keed
Fuck a pigeonhole, I'm a night owl, this a different mode
I might have to make her paint a 6 on her pinky toe
Heard you with a shooting guard, just let a nigga know
I would have you courtside, not the middle row
All good, love, in a minute, though
I can't stress about no bitch 'cause I'm a timid soul
Plus I'm cookin' up ambition on a kitchen stove
Pot start to bubble, see the suds, that shit good to go
Hoes say I'm suave, but I can't get RICO'd
Bro think he John Wayne, I bought him yellow stones
Love the way they hang, babe, fuck the silicone
Everybody fake now, you could crack the code
Bust down everything, set in rose gold
Dread talkin' to you niggas like I'm J. Cole
I can tell her head good before I even know
Bitch, don't tell me that you model if you ain't been in Vogue
Gotta throw a party for my day ones
They ain't in the studio, but they'll lay somethin'
Rest in peace to Drama King, we was straight stuntin'
You don't like the way I talk? Nigga say somethin'
Gotta throw a party for my day ones
Pull up, and you know it's us, the bass jumpin'
You don't like the way I talk? Then say somethin'
Get out my face, nigga
Gotta throw a party for my day ones
They ain't in the studio, but they'll lay somethin'
Rest in peace to Drama King, we was straight stuntin'
If I let my nigga 21 tell it, you a pussy
Spin a block twice like it ain't nowhere to park (21)
Smack the backside of his head like he Bart (pussy)
OVO 4L, we come out when it get dark (21, 21)
Big stepper, he came in a Rolls, but he left in a stretcher (21)
Let my brother drive while I shoot, team effort (21)
Askin' all these questions, bitch, you must think you Nadeska
The chopper like to feel on all the opps, it's a molester (21)
I be with my gun like Rozay be with lemon pepper
She wanna hear some Afrobeats 'cause she just popped a Tesla
All that workin' out, that nigga must think he a wrestler
But this ain't UFC, this chopper came with a compressor (21)
This chopper came with a compressor (pussy)
His chopper came with a- (pussy)
This Glock .45 came with a switch (21)
If I was Will Smith, I would've slapped him with a stick
Put your hands in the air, it's a stick-up (21)
Spin the same hood where I get my dick sucked (facts)
If you standin' on business, put your blick up (21, 21)
Come around actin' scary, get your shit took (21)
Fell in love with feelin' dizzy, so I spizzin (21)
I got mad love for the boy, yeah, that's my twizzin (21)
If them niggas keep on dissin', slide agaizzin (21)
We the reason why the ops ain't got no frizziends (21)
Last nigga played with me got turned duppy
I ain't even roll him in the wood 'cause he musty
You ask how she doin', I just tell her come and fuck me
Shot his ass twenty times, damn, this nigga lucky (damn, that nigga lucky)
Gotta throw a party for my day ones
They ain't in the studio, but they'll lay somethin'
Rest in peace to Drama King, we was straight stuntin'
You don't like the way I talk, nigga, say somethin'
Say somethin', say somethin', say somethin', say somethin', say somethin'
You don't like the way I talk, nigga, say somethin', say somethin'
Say somethin', say somethin', say somethin'


3- TSU- Drake- 5:09- Certified Lover Boy
Yeah, we back
What's up, ladies?
Swishahouse, baby
What's up to all the ladies on the
Northside, Southside, Eastside, Westside?
What's up in Bay City?
What's up to all the ladies in Louisiana?
What's up to all the ladies in Dallas, Austin, San Antonio, Marshall, Prairie View?
It's going down
Wharton County, Texas City, H-Town, baby
TSU ladies
She moved out of state and shit done went left, she's seekin' forgiveness
She used to dance, but she want a loan to start up a business
Her daddy is not around, her mama is not around
I watch her climb to the top of the pole and then get to slidin' down
I make it rain in this bitch, I make it snow in this bitch
She tryna get out of the mix
Shawty is goin' legit, shawty is goin' legit
Me, I'm supportin' this shit
This is a story came from my life and I'm just recordin' this shit
I'ma just give it to you direct, instead of me throwin' this shit
You know you important and shit
You know I'm supportin' this shit
We used to do pornos when you would come over but now you got morals and shit
I got like four on the wrist and an adorable kid
I got a Drac' in the studio and I don't just mean that I'm in this bitch
Please make the most of this shit
Don't just come close to some shit
I give you this bread, you run me some head and then you go glow up a bit
She moved out of state and shit done went left, she's seekin' forgiveness
She used to dance, but she want a loan to start up a business
Her daddy is not around, her mama is not around
I watch her climb to the top of the pole and then get to s-
I make it rain in this bitch, I make it snow in this bitch
She tryna get out of the mix
Shawty is goin' legit, shawty is goin' legit
Me, I'm supportin' this shit
This is a story, it came from my life and I'm just recordin' this shit
Her daddy is not around, mama is definitely not around
She got a business plan, but she just ain't had time to write it down
Stay with her sister now, she got a man, but he out of town
Soon as he out of town, they hop in his whip and they ride around
I watch her climb to the top of the pole and then get to slidin', slidin'
Thought about trappin' a player before, but that just ain't right, right
Look in the mirror if you wanna look at some things on the bright side
You popped a 325, you feelin' too good to worry tonight
She moved out of state and shit done went left, she's seekin' forgiveness
She used to dance, but she want a loan to start up a business
Her daddy is not around, her mama is not around
I watch her climb to the top of the pole and then get to s-
I make it rain in this bitch, I make it snow in this bitch
She tryna get out of the mix
Shawty is goin' legit, shawty is goin' legit
Me, I'm supportin' this shit
This is a story, it came from my life and I'm just rec-
Ayy, black boxes with the bow and rose
Zara heels bound to give you Zara toes
Back that thing up it's a wide load, shawty
I'on't even know where the time go, shawty
Know you got some brand-new life goals
Baby blue but you are not a baby, I know, shawty, I know
Yeah, so why you gotta be so hardheaded?
Why you wanna ask girl? You know what I did
Acting like you don't already know what that is
Baby just relax, I'm on your side
I will not discuss it with nobody
Neither of our pasts 'bout to go away
You made me forget about it anyway
I know, I know
Black boxes with the bow and rose
Lil' side hustle with the Fashion Nova
Know we both came from a broken home, shawty
Mom and daddy didn't really get along, shawty
Heard you got some brand-new life goals
Baby blue but you are not a baby, I know, shawty
I know, know, know, know, know


4- Tyler Herro- Jack Harlow- 2:37- Thats What They All Say
Yeah
The ones that hate me the most look just like me
You tell me what that means
Make a slick comment and see what that brings
I seen it go down, we can reenact things
Extreme like BMXing
These boys pussy and they PMSing
People in the city see the movement occurring
And say, "My God, I wanna be in that scene"
Damn right, you wanna be in this scene
She at the video tryna be in this scene
Used to fantasize 'bout bein' this seen (seen)
Bluegrass girl but she got big dreams
Can't touch me, I got instincts
Locked in the house, but I'm plottin' things
I brought a gang to the party with me
Five white boys but they not NSYNC (yeah, woo)
Fuck what y'all think
Fuck everything that you say about me
My dawgs like to play Madden and 2K
But one thing they don't do is play about me
My homeboy Tyler, he play in South Beach
He told me this summer he gon' fix my jumper
I told Boi-1da that we might got a thumper
I been tryna pop, now I'm on like Shumpert (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Now they on my bumper
Green room chock-full of all my comforts
Hotel room like Heaven on earth
Got angels in my bed with some all-white covers
Ace Pro, Nemo, Lucci and Quiiso, Shloob, Clay, 2for
And I got a few more I call my brothers
I got a lot of flows and they all like butter, ooh (ah)
You know what that means
I came home nice, but I'm goin' back mean
I'm 'bout to globe-trot when they know a vaccine
Motherfuckers act lost, but they know exactly what's goin' on
Made a mil' and I don't know what to blow it on
I tell the critics, "Shut up, " like my show is on
Gave a T-shirt to her, said, "Throw it on"
She one of many high school classmates I'm growin' on (growin' on, growin' on)
My peers ain't poppin', they don't know what's goin' wrong
Y'all well dressed, but you ain't got soul and you just can't sew it on
I'm tryna tell y'all boys, I got a few songs I could sell y'all boys
I tried it back then, it was, "Hell nah, boy" (nah)
Now I'm in a box like a Kellogg's toy (like a, like a, ooh)
The ones that hate me the most look just like me (like me)
You tell me what that means
Make a slick comment and see what that brings
I seen it go down, we can reenact things (let's do it)
Extreme like BMXing
These boys pussy and they PMSing (woo)
People in the city see the movement occurring
And say, "My God, I wanna be in that scene" (that's right)
Damn right, you wanna be in this scene
She at the video tryna be in this scene (scene)
Used to fantasize 'bout bein' this seen
Bluegrass girl, but she got big dreams
Can't touch me, I got instincts
Locked in the house, but I'm plottin' things
I brought a gang to the party with me
Five white boys but they not NSYNC
(No, they not NSYNC, no, they not NSYNC)
Word to JT, no, they not NSYNC
Word to JT, no, they not NSYNC
No, they not NSYNC, no-no
No, they not NSYNC (oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)

5- Magnolia- Playboi Carti- 3:02- Playboi Carti
Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?
In New York I Milly Rock (rock)
Hide it in my sock (sock)
Running from the opp (opp)
And I shoot at opp (opp) uh, uh (what?)
And I'm on the block (what?) Uh, uh (what? What?)
And I'm on the block (what?)
In New York I Milly Rock (hello?)
Hide it in my sock (what?)
Hide it in my sock (what?)
Selling that rerock (what? Woah, what? What? Uh, what? What?)
In New York I Milly Rock (ooh)
Hide it in my sock (woah)
Used to sell rerock (what?)
Runnin' from the cops (woah)
Shootin' at these opps (woah)
Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here? (Woah)
Shooting at these opps (what?)
'Cause I run they block (what?) Uh
Give me top (top) uh, in my drop-top
All these hoes gon' flock (flock, flock)
When I drop, yeah (drop, drop)
All these hoes gon' flock (flock, flock)
When I drop, yeah (drop, drop)
All these hoes gon' flock (flock, flock)
When I drop, uh (drop, drop)
Woo, woo, woo, woo (bih)
Woo, woo (bih) woo, woo (bih)
All these hoes want cash (cash)
All these hoes want bags, uh
Fucking on your bitch (bih) uh
I'm her dad (yeah) uh
All these niggas sound like cats, sound like cats (blah)
I'm a soldier, ooh (what?)
Damn, I thought I told you, ooh (what?)
Shootin' like a soldier, ooh (bih)
Like I'm from Magnolia, ooh (what?)
All these niggas (what? What?) always fold (what? What?)
Big bank (what? What?) never fold (What?)
I'm sippin' Act' (what?) fill that shit slowly (hello?)
Bitches on me (what? Bih) say she like my clothing (yeah)
I'm in London (what?) Yung Carti global (what?)
Designer is on me (phew) call it dirty laundry (phew)
All these bitches want Yung Carti (what?) Yung Carti (yeah)
Ayy, Yung Carti, Yung Carti, what? (Hop in the bit', hop in the bit')
Yung Carti, Yung Carti (what? What? Hold on) yeah
All of your bitches, they loose, hold on
All of your bitches, they loose, hold on (yeah)
All of my bitches, they rich, hold on
And they stay rockin' that Rick, hold on
Uh, what? What? Hold on, what? What? Uh (yeah)
Rich, rich (rich)
Cash Carti, bitch (bitch)
Rich, bitch (hold on)
Got a rich clique (hold on)
I'm suckin' on the clit (hold on)
She suckin' on the dick (yeah)
Give that hoe a tip (yeah)
Told her, "Buy some kicks" (kicks)
Ooh, then I brush my teeth (what?)
Hop up in the whip
Glocky in the whip (skrrt)
Glocky in the whip (yeah)
And I'm cocky, fuckin' on a thotty
She just wanna plot me, bitch can't stop me (stop me)
I'm ridin' in a Masi (what? Masi)
This ain't even my Masi (nah)
Hope that's not your thotty (what?)
Your bitch look like a auntie (what?)
Walked in with Ashanti (what?)
Damn, that look like 'Shanti (what?)
Damn, that look like Carti (yeah-yeah)
I think that be Yung Carti
Heard he spent a hundred on a fucking watch piece, that's filthy (phew, what? Woah, woah)
In New York I Milly Rock (what?)
Hide it in my sock (what? What?)
Running from an opp (what? What?)
And I shoot at opp (what? What?) uh, uh (phew)
And I'm on the block (phew) uh, uh (hello?)
And I'm on the block (what?)
In New York I Milly Rock (what?)
Hide it in my sock (what?)
Hide it in my sock (sock)
Selling that rerock (rerock)
What? What? (What?)
What? Uh, what?
In New York I Milly Rock (what?)
Hide it in my sock (what?)
Use to sell rerock, uh
Runnin' from the cops, uh
Shootin' at these opps
You know what I'm sayin'?
Yo (yeah) Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?
Bitch ass nigga, fuck that nigga, man

6- YO VISTO ASI- Bad Bunny- 3:12- EL ULTIMO TOUR DEL MUNDO
Yeh-yeh, yeh
Yeh-yeh, yeh-yeh, yeh-yeh
Yeh-yeh
Yeh-yeh (eh-hey)
Hey, hey, hey
Yo visto así, no me vo' a cambiar
Si no te gusta, no tienes que mirar
Yo visto así, no me vo' a cambiar
Me pongo lo que quiera, tú no lo va' a pagar
Lo que digas no me importa (la-la, la-la)
No me importa (la-la)
Lo que digas no me importa (la-la, la-la)
No me importa (la-la, la-la)
Hey, boté toa' la' Nikes y firmé con Adidas (wuh)
Mi flow no creo que venga en tu medida
Yo hago lo que quiera, cabrón, es mi vida
Hey, como Juan Gabriel, cantando "Querida"
Nunca dejo que el odio decida
Mi valor no se basa en como yo me vista
Tú criticando y yo en portada' de revista, yeh-yeh
Me importan mucha' cosa'
Pero tu opinión no está en esa lista
Salí con piquete de artista
Y Louis Vuitton el backpack, la combi flack lack
Tanta suerte debería jugar blackjack
Si quiero me visto de Panda como Jack Black
Y ustede' loco, lo' tengo haciéndome hackjack
Yo visto así, no me vo' a cambiar
Si no te gusta, no tienes que mirar
Yo visto así, no me vo' a cambiar
Me pongo lo que quiera, tú no lo va' a pagar
Lo que digas no me importa (la-la, la-la)
No me importa (la-la)
Lo que digas no me importa (la-la, la-la)
No me importa (la-la, la-la)
Cuando niño, mami me vestía
Quizá la tuya mató tus fantasías
Si fuera bombero, me vistiera de policía
Y le prendiera fuego al que criticaba si repetía
Y si yo quiero la uso mil vece' (hey)
Con el mismo mahón todo se parece (wuh, wuh, wuh, wuh)
Las mismas tenis, mis pie' ya no crece (wuh)
Eh-eh, si quiero un flow nuevo siempre que amanece (yeh-yeh, yeh)
Cuello de tortuga con raya' y pece' (yeh-yeh, yeh)
Y Louis Vuitton el backpack, la combi flack lack
Tanta suerte debería jugar blackjack
Si quiero me visto de Panda como Jack Black
Y ustede' loco, lo' tengo haciéndome hackjack (ah)
Yo visto así (yeh-yeh, hey)
Yo visto así (hey)
Yo visto así (yeh-yeh-yeh-yeh)
Yo visto así (así, ja, ja)

7- NO BYSTANDERS- Travis Scott- 3:39- ASTROWORLD
The party never ends
In a motel, layin' with my sins, yeah
I'm tryna get revenge
You'll be all out of love in the end
Spent ten hours on this flight, man
Told the pilot ain't no flight plans
Can't believe whatever I'm seein'
And they know whenever I land
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (bitch)
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (bitch)
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (yeah)
The party never ends
In a motel, layin' with my sins, yeah
I'm tryna get revenge
You'll be all out of love in the end
Bicentennial man, put the city on slam
She get trippy off Xans, lost twenty-one grams
And she did it on cam, wasn't no video dance
Make my own rules
I really don't pick, I just choose
I don't set picks, I just shoot
Chopper gettin' screwed
I told her it's B.Y.O.B., that mean buy your own booze
Put it on God, he the one who put me on top
Can't be put in a box, gotta move on the opps
Never got the move on the drop
Niggas tryna move on the Scott and, woo, that deep
Tryna run down, shit's deep
Gotta act a fool with the squad
Next city, no sleep, back to the 713
Spent ten hours on this flight, man
Told the pilot ain't no flight plans
Can't believe whatever I'm seein'
And they know whenever I land
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (bitch)
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (bitch)
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (yeah)
Heartbreak hotel, bet you can't take no L's
Plug like AOL, who say that I ain't gon' sell?
Hand me the I hate yourself
She said, "I got it, nigga"
I said, "I ain't gon' tell"
Buy it by the pound so it ain't no scale
I'm sick of the drank (the drink, yeah)
The flippin' of paint (the paint, yeah)
Grippin' the grain (the grain, yeah)
Whippin' the tank (the tank, yeah)
My niggas gon' flame (bang, yeah)
Bitch, I'm with gang (gang, yeah)
Got your bitch on the plane
Spent ten hours on this flight, man
Told the pilot ain't no flight plans
Can't believe whatever I'm sayin'
And they know whenever I land
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (bitch)
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (bitch)
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (yeah)
The party never ends
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (bitch)
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (bitch)
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up
The party never ends (yeah)
Family function, ain't no friends
Had a line around my ends
Turned 'em into Ms
Why you tryna make amends?
What's that smell? It's heaven's scent
Like I drop straight out the wind
Dodgin' hell and sins
I can't go back there again
Now the dogs ain't civilized
Take the one, feel vilified
You can't see my suns
Like the light don't hit this eye
In the function and I'm fried
It's the strive it's not the drive
When they open wide
It's a riot, riot
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (bitch)
Nah, nigga, nah, nigga, for real, we walkin' in this bitch heavy
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (bitch)
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up
They know me when they see me, nigga, ah!
Fuck the club up, fuck the club up (yeah)
Uh
8- Rodeo- Lil Nas X- 2:25- Sencillo
Daytrip took it to 10 (hey)
Oh here we go, please let me know
Off we go, don't leave me in the cold
If I took you everywhere, then well, you wouldn't know how to walk
If I spoke on your behalf, then well, you wouldn't know how to talk
If I gave you everything and everything is what I bought
I can take it all back, I never cared 'bout what you thought
I didn't mean to make you mad, I don't like when you're upset
I'ma call you later on, baby girl, don't you forget
I'ma take you from this party, we might go and have some sex
Or we do that later on, now we lit like cigarettes
I thought you would stay with me
I'm yours and you're mine, I envy
So what I'm gon' do?
I don't have no clue, ain't no me without you
Oh here we go, please let me know
Off we go, don't leave me in the cold
If I took you everywhere, then well, you wouldn't know how to walk
If I spoke on your behalf, then well, you wouldn't know how to talk
If I gave you everything and everything is what I bought
I can take it all back, I never cared 'bout what you thought (Cardi)
Look, gunshot, gunshot
Thought you heard about me, must not, must not
Last nigga did me dirty, dirty
Like a bathroom in a truck stop, truck stop
Now my heart, it feels like Brillo, I'm hard like armadillo
Can't be no nigga ex, I could only be his widow
That's a fact, dressed in black, my heart break, bones will crack
I be chilling, watching Oxygen, my favorite show is "Snapped" ("Snapped", "Snapped")
Now you know how I get, every day, a foreign whip
Rather see you in a hearse than see you with some other bitch
Huh?
Oh here we go, please let me know
Off we go, don't leave me in the cold
If I took you everywhere, then well, you wouldn't know how to walk
If I spoke on your behalf, then well, you wouldn't know how to talk
If I gave you everything and everything is what I bought
I can take it all back, I never cared 'bout what you thought
(I thought you would stay with me
I'm yours and you're mine, I envy
So what I'm gon' do?
I don't have no clue, ain't no me without you)

9- Nonstop- Drake- 3:59-Scorpion
Look, I just flipped the switch (flipped, flipped)
I don't know nobody else that's doin' this
Bodies start to drop, ayy, hit the floor
Now they wanna know me since I hit the top, ayy
This a Rollie, not a stopwatch, shit don't ever stop
This the flow that got the block hot, shit got super hot, ayy
Give me my respect, give me my respect
I just took it left like I'm ambidex'
Bitch, I move through London with the euro-step
Got a sneaker deal and I ain't break a sweat
Catch me 'cause I'm goin' outta there, I'm gone
How I go from 6 to 23 like I'm LeBron?
Servin' up a pack, servin' up a pack
Niggas pullin' gimmicks 'cause they scared to rap, ayy
Funny how they shook, ayy, got these niggas shook
Pullin' back the curtain by myself, take a look, ayy
I'm a bar spitta, I'm a hard hitta
Yeah I'm light skinned, but I'm still a dark nigga
I'm a wig splitta, I'm a tall figure
I'm a unforgivin' wild-ass dog nigga
Somethin' wrong with 'em, got 'em all bitter
I'm a bill printer, I'm a grave digger
Yeah, I am what I am
I don't have no time for no misunderstandings again
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin'
This a Rollie, not a stopwatch, shit don't ever stop
From smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is
Future took the business and ran it for me
I let Ollie take the owl, told him brand it for me
I get two million a pop and that's standard for me
Like I went blind dog, you gotta hand it to me
(Gotta gimme that shit, dog)
Prayed, then I prayed again (amen, Lord)
Had a moment but it came and went
(They don't love you no more)
You don't wanna play with him (nah, nah, nah)
They'll be mournin' you like 8AM (R.I.P.)
Pinky ring 'til I get a wedding ring (whoa, yeah)
Love my brothers, cut 'em in on anything (big slice)
And you know it's King Slime Drizzy, damn (whoa, yeah)
She just said I'm bae, I hit the thizzle dance (Mac Dre shit)
Either hand is the upper hand (oh yeah, shit)
Got a bubba on my other hand (oh yeah, shit, yeah)
This shit ain't no hunnid bands (nah, nah, nah, nah)
Palace look like Buckingham
Bills so big, I call 'em Williams, for real
Reasons to go crazy, got a trillion for real
They been tryin' me but I'm resilient for real
I can't go in public like civilian for real
And I hardly take offense
Money for revenge, man, that's hardly an expense
Al Haymon checks off of all of my events
I like all the profit, man, I hardly do percents (I don't do that shit)
A big part of me resents
Niggas that I knew from when I started in this shit
They see what I got and, man, it's hard to be content
Fuck what they got goin' on, I gotta represent (ayy)
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin'
This a Rollie, not a stopwatch, shit don't ever stop
From smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin', from smokin' the chicken, the bass is kickin'
My head is spinnin'
This the flow that got the block hot, shit got super hot

10- The Motto- 3:01-Drake con Lil Wayne- Take Care (Deluxe)
I'm the fuckin' man, y'all don't get it, do you?

Type of money, everybody acting like they knew you

Go Uptown, New York City, bitch

Them Spanish girls love me like I'm Aventura

Tell Uncle Luke I'm out in Miami, too

Clubbing hard, fucking women, there ain't much to do

Wrist bling, got a condo up in Biscayne

Still getting brain from a thang, ain't shit changed

How you feel, how you feel, how you feel?

25, sitting on 25 mill, uh

I'm in the building and I'm feeling myself

Rest in peace, Mac Dre, I'ma do it for the Bay

Okay, getting paid, we'll holler whenever that stop

My team good, we don't really need a mascot

Tell Tune, "Light one, pass it like a relay"

YMCMB, you niggas more YMCA

Me, Franny, and Mally Mall at the crib-o

Shout goes out to Niko, J and Chubbs, shouts to Gibbo

We got Santa Margherita by the liter

She know even if I'm fucking with her, I don't really need her

Aww, that's how you feel, man? That's really how you feel?

'Cause the pimpin ice cold, all these bitches wanna chill

I mean maybe she won't but then again maybe she will

I can almost guarantee she know the deal, real nigga, what's up?



Now she want a photo, you already know, though

You only live once, that's the motto, nigga, YOLO

And we 'bout it every day, every day, every day

Like we sittin on the bench, nigga, we don't really play

Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say

Can't see 'em 'cause the money in the way, real nigga, what's up?



One, time? Fuck one time

I'm calling niggas out like the umpire

Seven, grams in the blunt

Almost drowned in her pussy so I swam to her butt

It's Eastside, we in this bitch

Wish a nigga would, like a tree in this bitch

And if a leaf fall put some weed in that bitch

That's my MO, add a B to that shit

I'm fucked up, tore down

I'm twisted, door knob

Talk stupid? Off with your head

Nigga, money talks, and Mr. Ed, yeah

I'm so Young Money

Got a drum on the gun, Energizer bunny

Funny how honey ain't sweet like sugar

Ain't shit sweet? Niggas on the street like hookers

I tongue kiss her other tongue

Skeet skeet skeet, water gun

Oh my God, Becky, look at her butt! Tunechi



Now she want a photo, you already know, though

You only live once, that's the motto, nigga, YOLO

And we 'bout it every day, every day, every day

Like we sittin on the bench, nigga, we don't really play

Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say

Can't see 'em 'cause the money in the way, real nigga, what's up?

Real nigga, what's up?



Now she want a photo, you already know, though

You only live once, that's the motto, nigga, YOLO

And we 'bout it every day, every day, every day

Like we sittin on the bench, nigga, we don't really play

Every day, every day, fuck what anybody say

Can't see 'em 'cause the money in the way, real nigga, what's up?

COLORES:
- Paleta 1
1er color:#7148F7
2do color:#5D3ED6
3er color: #6B51ED
4to color: #513ED6
5to color: #7769FA
- Paleta 2
1er color:#6FACFC
2do color:#6A93D9
3er color:#6992F0
4to color:#5573D9
5to color:#5772FF
- Paleta 3
1er color:#000000
2do color:#7F55D4
3er color:#A66AEB
4to color:#AB6BD6
5to color:#DA82FA
- Paleta 4
1er color:#08023D
2do color:#030E87
3er color:#06059E
4to color:#05209E
5to color:#FFFFFF